The necessity of the foundation of a Society for social work was cropped up in my mind in the early 2000 when a group of backward studious student in different govt sponsored schools differently approached before me & one of my friends in two villages areas in Chandannagar, Hooghly.  Primarily, we, both intensively tried to move those students in the field of special coaching classes conducted by my friend’s relatives in his home.  The families of those students were primarily not so easy with us to give their children to us for special day coaching class as it was not on regular terms of work and even they were not accustomed with such system of study.

However, with the continuous efforts and motivation from the respective school teachers, the guardians agreed to share their children for our special coaching class.  We started with small batches and tried to give our best efforts so that they could take the studies as usual and got prepared properly. We closely monitored them along with their parents.

Gradually, the students and their parents were getting advanced with the help of not only educational guide but also all sorts of social supports, like: courtesy, culture, dress-up, languages etc. to them.  We could run these special coaching maximum 2 years and after that we got attached with various work through different NGOs as a partners.

In the year 2006, the office of the Debipur Disha Seva Sanstha(DDSS) was set up at Debipur, P.O. Chandannagar, Dist: Hooghly, Pin: 712136, West Bengal and registered registered as a SOCIETY in the year 2007. 

The DISHA had some basic and specific social work since 2003 as the distribution of Cloth before Puja, celebration of important and historical days, educational support to the needy and enthusiastic pupils which have been continuing till date. In addition, gradually, more social work were added like blood donation camp for cancer and thalesemia patient, free medical check up camp and free spectacles, distribution of food grains, blankets, mosquito curtain etc, general awareness programme on health, environment etc. with the special efforts of environmental movement on CLEAN & GREEN. Special day celebration with the workers of different brick kilns and even wide range distribution of used clothes, foods etc in the various outreach camps and programmes conducted by Debipur Disha Seva Sanstha(DDSS) or DISHA.

At present so many branches have been set up with some same mentality people and social workers and it works as PAN BENGAL BASIS with single handed or in collaboration with other NGO or Social Body like: Brainware University, Give More Live More, Kheya, Atpoure Ramdhanu etc. 

Presently, the DISHA is working for marginal and underprivileged people for their mainstreaming into the society in health, education and other basic sectors through its continuous dedicated social service.

I welcome all same minded people to help out our esteemed Social Welfare Organisation including social activists, social workers, administrators, researchers etc. for the welfare of the society in true sense.